docs(github-app): add standalone App doc and fix provider allowlist in config schema (#1480)
clouatre-labs/aptu: docs/GITHUB_APP.md

4. **Verify:** Open a test issue or PR in the target repository. If the config is valid and the feature is enabled, the Worker dispatches the corresponding workflow and returns `204 No Content`. If the config is absent, invalid, or the feature is disabled, the Worker returns `200 OK` with no dispatch. Check the `clouatre-labs/aptu-github-app` Actions tab for dispatched workflow runs.

## Quota Model

The Worker enforces two tiers of rate limits, both using a rolling 24-hour window:

- **Per-installation quota:** 50 events per event type (triage, review, scan) per 24-hour rolling window. When exceeded, the webhook returns `429 Too Many Requests` with a `Retry-After` header indicating seconds until the oldest event in the window expires.
- **Global quota:** 500 events across all installations per 24-hour rolling window (configurable via `GLOBAL_QUOTA_LIMIT`). Exhaustion returns `429` with a `Retry-After` header.

Quota counters do not reset at a fixed time; timestamps older than 24 hours are pruned on each request.

## Manual Triggers

> Comment `@aptu` on an issue or PR to trigger the App manually. The Worker detects the mention, verifies the commenter is a repository collaborator (admin, write, or pull permission), enforces quota, then dispatches the corresponding workflow. The bot's own comments are skipped to prevent self-trigger loops.

Author: The effective check accepts any collaborator role because GitHub's collaborator response sets `permissions.pull` for read, triage, write, maintain, and admin roles. Saying only admin, write, or pull permission can imply that triage and maintain are rejected.

```suggestion
Comment `@aptu` on an issue or PR to trigger the App manually. The Worker detects the mention, verifies the commenter is a repository collaborator (any collaborator role), enforces quota, then dispatches the corresponding workflow. The bot's own comments are skipped to prevent self-trigger loops.
```
